today is three months to the day I've
taken since I took ownership of this
club
and so far I've enjoyed every minute bar
one there are often dark days and last
Monday was a dark day for me I'm not
going to go into too much detail of it
but i found the decision we had to make
last Monday a rather difficult one a
week on than they sell week is a long
time in business and politics I'm in a
position where I mean to able to make an
absolutely brilliant announcement in the
appointment of Jane to as you will all
know is a Bradford through and through
the cut him in half he's definitely red
amber and black and it's the second time
that he has left headingley and headed
over to our shores the last time he
headed this way he went on a run of
unparalleled success and I'm definitely
looking forward to him achieving the
same in his new role here as he achieved
as a player we had a myriad of people
applying for the job leader directly or
indirectly through third parties and we
analyzed the ones that were on the table
and we invited a number of them in for
first meetings second meetings and the
third and final meetings yesterday with
it with the shortlist was we had a board
meeting yesterday they were invited in
interviewed by the whole board and after
that we made a decision actually became
very easy so what's that James loans
apart from the others it just for me
just brings a different dynamic that's
not to take anything away from all the
other applicants and as I said earlier i
want to thank them for the fact that
they applied for the job you know that
there are many people out then it would
think this would be a poisoned chalice
you know it's a club that sir in a state
of has been in a state of decline I've
tried to bring stability to it but
nevertheless we are second-bottom we are
in if in reality ten points adrift of
the team's directly above us and
therefore anyone looking at it as the
first thing thing going through their
mind has got to be do I want to take up
a position in a club that in all likely
is probably going to be in the
championship next year which brings with
itself different dynamics and some of
them may have made a decision not to
apply be
cause of the fact they don't want to
drop down a league James just brings a
steely attitude with him he's you know
his reputation as a player is
unsurpassable he was a success he was a
winner he's continued in that ethos and
that steely mind through through his
various coaching jobs and I just think
that it's a great fit it's a special a
complementary in our play idea and some
good memories here so i can see either
way yeah james they put this job this
job became available and i went for it
is there anything you can bring from the
Carnegie to to the balls now it's not
pushing in the scrums I mean I saw yeah
I daughter are pushing the scrum so I
care haha gaveling that might bring a
couple London that'd orbit pushing the
game just so different you know the guys
that I chilled last year was fantastic
and I'll tell that with me anywhere I go
you know their willingness to try things
little question things what their
willingness to try it and if it didn't
work they didn't work and that's massive
in the game you know in a relevant
occurred and yeah like I said it's quite
you know the similar parts of the game I
the poss the ball and the field and
that's it really you know you know you
working in that game i cou and really
appreciate what that games about you
know the set piece of scrimmage in there
you know the rocking the mall and you
know it's a tough game it's a real tough
spot played by good people and yeah they
actually the boys is some whatever
wherever he's bradford through and
through and he something in made me
laugh in his in these interview when he
mentioned that when leads let him go as
a player and he came here he was
determined above all else to make them
regret that decision now he's departure
from there this time round is different
I mean they they've they were really
really good in and professionally the
way that they've allowed him to talk to
us and I'm very grateful for them doing
that it could have said no
and when we when we made the decision
that he was the man we wanted before we
even finalized the deal with him we went
and spoke to Leeds and asked him if it's
alright to you know to press forward and
would they release him and they said yes
and again I want to thank him from that
and you know he's coming home isn't he
and if he can bring the success as a
coach to the club that he bought was a
player well then there's only going to
be good times ahead isn't there and
you're opening game against Warrington
as well as fate would have it not about
open if he wasn't that's great yeah go
back there I'm looking forward so I
always look forward going back
wallington it's a good club with some
good people on or off the field playing
well playing with a lot of confidence
top of the league completely opposite to
what you know where we're at at the
moment but you know we'll go on
challenging I think you know I all we do
anywhere hell we're gonna challenge them
and as long as we sure this these fans
are we oh yeah that's the guys are
having a girl then they'll back us to
the hill do you think there's anything
still left in the balls for this season
ya do ya I do you know I know not
writing this season off of nowhere near
norway near and so like i said we just
we were just gonna have to have a girl
good girl and you heavily reliant on
teams above you you know to lose every
game which is you know that's not going
to happen and we have to be realistic
where we're at and put couple of plans
in place and we'll doll that over the
next couple of weeks ago